Split issue ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md into dedicated templates (#1335)
spockframework/spock: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question.md

---

> name: Question

Reviewer: We don't want actual question issues, do we?
For that the GitHub discussions are the appropriate place.
So I'd suggest completely replacing this issue template by three contact links.

For an example look at the Gradle repo,
Here the config: https://github.com/gradle/gradle/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/config.yml
Here the result: https://github.com/gradle/gradle/issues/new/choose

> about: Please first ask on Gitter or StackOverflow before creating an issue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
about: Please first ask on Gitter, Stack Overflow or GitHub Discussions before creating an issue
```

title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

This issue tracker is not the place for questions.
If you want to ask how to do something, or to understand why

> something isn't working the way you expect it to, please use Gitter [1] or Stack Overflow [2].
> 
> [1] https://gitter.im/spockframework/spock
> [2] https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spock

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
something isn't working the way you expect it to, please use Gitter [1], Stack Overflow [2] or GitHub Discussions [3].

[1] https://gitter.im/spockframework/spock
[2] https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spock
[3] https://github.com/spockframework/spock/discussions
```
